To began installation open a terminal and navagate or create an install directory
Type "python" in the terminal to verify it's installation
Type "exit()" to exit
Type "git" in the terminal to verify it's installation
Type "git init" to create a empty repository
Type "git clone https://github.com/C2311231/SkySpindle.git" to download files
Change to the downloaded directory ("cd ./SkySpindle")
Create a virtual environment "python -m venv ./SkySpindleEnv"
Activate the virtual environment "./SkySpindleEnv\Scripts\activate.bat"
Install the dependencies "pip install -r requirements.txt"
You can now run SkySpindle "python main.py"
You may have to allow accsess to the network
Connect to your CNC machine and the installation is complete